in my classes I basically use this program that orbits the test in the
version 5 but it is user are 4 that the very heavy 5th place version has 300
wood
P
it is very slow from your very slow computer
so test it
it works with two actual described posture systems of September says
that we are to blame the official system that the score system
which is complete
entities the necessary information of a song
and it also works with tablature system which is not a system
complete but for beginners to be simpler to understand
starting here explanation
in tablature ceta we have six lines
because each line of output here is present one of the strings
from guitar to night
so what do you have in the lower coordinate?
wake up thicker than this thing is that
and here we wake up more cement
the crow
you see that the serial number appeared on the number that goes in the table turra
obs
are numbers
Do you think that you have to attack?
So for example if you have me
the fear about
this line here this line represents
the 6th race
so if you take the 6th race
and tighten
in the first house
kiko was missing out here if you were to think about the second house
in the third house
fourth house
and the images
if you
photo carnahan
it was too much siena
it's the same thing
the bea cason
with him but yes
bangu 2
once canonical francine
so basically
such a tradition to win the chemistry test study project in which
You know
basically this
That is
if I understood
that you notice that it is running
at the time hence the sixth quota
in the house to 1 and you do the same thing
in your subway style it's pretty simple